If you don't want to buy it, you can leave.
No need for such humiliation
Shame on men who haven't made money yet
Isn't it handy for you?
Lu Zecheng, let me go
You let me go let me go
I have fantasized about our reunion countless times
But I didn't expect this to happen
Rutherson
I waited for you for three years
Protect this relationship for three years
Right
I do like you.
But so far.
I have no right to refuse you, let me go
Let go of me let go of me
You let me go
If you hadn't betrayed me
Not fallen for money
How nice
Rutherson
You make me sick
Since the bitch dares to seduce, he wins
Who are you to say that I seduced him?
Introduce
This is my girlfriend Yu Jingying